From time to time.
You want to insert a manual approval step in your aid pipeline.
In this lecture, we're going to learn how you can do that using Jenkins.
All right.
Let's get started.
I'm in a sample Jenkins job.
It is pretty straightforward to pause the Jenkins job and wait for user input.
You simply need to give input, message, colon, and then whatever message you're going to give, Jenkins
is going to display that, and Jenkins will show two buttons.
One is proceed, another one is abort.
So if you click, proceed.
Jenkins will continue the build.
So in this case, I am putting this input message in its own steps and it's on stage.
But it's up to you.
You can even put this inside an existing step like this, and that would also work.
And for this Jenkins example, I'm using demo from before.
So this Jenkins file is invoking a lambda.
The function name is Get Bitcoin Price, which gives you the Bitcoin price and then we display the results
using this cut command.
All right, let's click save and then click Build now.
All right.
So now it is paused in manual approval.
So if you hover over mouse, it is going to give you the option, proceed or abort.
So if you want to proceed, you click proceed and the job will continue.
There we go.
Alternatively, you can click this dropdown icon by the build number and you could see this option paused
for input.
You can click that.
That's going to show the same message and you can click proceed here.
And that will do the same thing.
This is the most straightforward way to introduce manual approval directly in Jenkins.
There are other alternative ways.
For example, you can invoke a step function from the Jenkins file and you can add manual approval in
step function.
All right.
That's it for this one.
I'll see you guys in the next video by.